Let's begin. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow practitioners watching
online, at this time, we invite you,
if you are practicing
anywhere, to gather
before your family altar. If it's
not convenient, you
can firmly point your hand towards the void in a place of utmost
purity. Because some of you
may have family circumstances
and your practice not yet being very smooth,
we need
[music] to practice.
In the secular world, this is called a "
well mark," but in the Dharma, it's called being
obstructed.
Therefore, we will be confined to
a place of great
purity, and we will point our hand towards the void. Those of
you with phones,
please
open the website phth.com and read the sutra on building a
stupa of merit so that we can
all chant together at Bodhi Mountain.
And to prepare for
that time, when we are all settled,
we
will sing a song.
Does anyone know the
song?  Singing "A Mù Xuân with the Buddha,
Buddha Shakyamuni with Mù Xuân" (Spring with the Buddha) to the congregation. Those
who have homes can
play that song. If those at home can keep up with
us, then we'll come up
here, settle down, and then
create a flow of
Dharma for our esteemed fellow practitioners. So, perhaps
our esteemed fellow practitioners are still
meditating, climbing from the m-level to the b-level, so they wo
n't be able to catch up.
Now, Huyền is here,
right? Huyền is at home, so she
can't sing that song, right? There's no
music. Then we'll sing
along, okay? Or maybe we can just sing the Lục Hòa song? Let's
sing the Lục Hòa song so everyone knows
it. No need for music. Then, the
young guys holding the mics,
come here, let's sit, let's sit
to relieve our fatigue. Let's sit, let's sit. The
golden chrysanthemums entwined from the rich, even pigs
won't leave. The golden chrysanthemums, the sacred high sorrow, even pigs won't leave. The ancient C-classical
C-classical C-classical, deep, even if
difficult, will not be
discouraged. Even if difficult, will...  The ape passes
through the Golden Offering Club, the
joyful Buddhist practice club of Luc Ha, the Chrysanthemum Club,
and the joyful Buddhist practice club of Luc
Hoa. One body in harmony, two mouths in harmony,
without conflict, three minds in harmony, four precepts in harmony, five understandings in harmony, six
benefits in harmony.
Where there is Luc Hoa, where there
is joy, where there is practice of Luc Hoa, and where there is
slander, the Golden Offering Club, the
joyful Buddhist practice club of Luc Hoa, the Golden Offering Club
is a joyful club together,
part of the foundation, the offering club, the foundation, the
joyful club together, the spirit of the New
Awakening of Bodhi, protecting the Three Jewels, spreading the
Buddhist Dharma throughout the world, the
golden chrysanthemum, the noble flower of liberation, the chrysanthemum
is an ancient offering, the heart seeks liberation,
supporting everyone, making a pillar, the
chrysanthemum, making a pillar, An Loi, cultivating the heart, seeking liberation, the
Cuckoo Club, the joyful club, the Chrysanthemum
Club, the
joyful club, the Golden Cuckoo Club are Buddhist practitioners who
always strive together
to seek
liberation,
always together.
[Music] [
Applause]
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Music] We sincerely
offer our prayers with the
clouds of incense to the
Buddha throughout the ten directions, offering homage to the
Three Jewels. We
choose to uphold the Dharma throughout our lives,
doing good deeds for all sentient beings in the Dharma realm,
praying for the Buddha's compassionate protection. May our Bodhi mind be firm, our cultivation of the
Dharma be
steadfast, far from the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, quickly returning to the
shore.
Namo Incense Offering
Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva, Namo Incense Offering
Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva, Namo the Three Jewels of the
ten directions of the
Dharma realm, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous monks to witness and protect
us. With the power of the Three Jewels, we invite
Brahma, Indra, the Four
Heavenly Kings, the Eightfold
Path, the benevolent deities, and all the hundred
gods to protect the Buddha Dharma. We respectfully
invite all the deities to descend to this
Dharma assembly, to joyfully support us, your
disciples, belonging to the
Golden National Club practicing the Six Paths.  At Ba Vang Pagoda
today, the 9th day of the first lunar month of the Year of the
Tiger, we, the devotees
of the Three Jewels, and with the loving kindness of our Master
and the Venerable Monks of Ba Vang Pagoda,
are practicing mindfulness meditation. We gather here,
before the image of the
Buddha and the Bodhi tree of
merit, and together we recite the
sutra on the construction of the meritorious stupa,
with the aspiration that in every lifetime,
wherever we are born, we will
be within the Three Jewels, performing
Bodhisattva deeds. Together with all the
Buddhists who are focusing their
minds here online, we
practice and pray for the
stupa to be built soon, with sufficient conditions
to benefit
all beings. Through this auspicious occasion, we pray for the blessings of the Buddhas and all benevolent deities to
increase our merit in this life and for
many lifetimes to come, so that we may be connected
with the Three Jewels and be
delivered from suffering. With such aspiration,
we sincerely
beseech the Buddhas and all
benevolent deities to join us in reciting Namo, the witnessing
Bodhisattva Mahasattva.  Namo, the ever-
protecting Bodhisattva Mahasattva, the
supreme
Dharma King, the
three
realms are not
equal to the teacher, the
all-encompassing father of heaven and earth, the
benevolent one who has attained the four
kinds of
refuge, choosing one,
completely eradicating karma, the
three
periods of reverence, the Buddha, the
continuous, boundless
[music], the
divine
Buddhas and the assembly, the ever-present, empty, silent nature, the path of
understanding, the inconceivable, the inconceivable, the supreme, the pure, the
ten
blessings, the Buddha's radiant light, the bright,
inviting, before the radiant body, the child's image, the manifestation, oh,
bowing my head, I humbly make my vow, taking refuge with a sincere heart, a solemn ceremony,
Namo, the Pure Land, the vast
ocean of the Dharma realm, the present, the future, the ten circumstances, the Buddhas, the venerable
Dharma, the sages, the Sangha, the ever-present Lord, the three
[music], the
heart, a solemn ceremony, oh, Namo, the Buddha, the Lord of the Flute, the Supreme Teacher, the
Original Teacher, Shakyamuni Buddha, the
Future Buddha, the Great Buddha, the Great Bodhisattva, the Great Bodhisattva, the
Bodhisattva, the Dharma Protector, all venerable, Bodhisattva, the
Linh Son Assembly  Supreme Buddha
[music]
A heart, A devotion, oh Namo Western
Pure Land, Great Amitabha Buddha, Great Compassion, Great Compassionate Bodhisattva, Great ...  The
Great
Bodhisattvas and the celestial lords of that heaven gathered together. At that time, the Great Brahma, the King of the
Narayana heaven, the
Great Self-Existent One, and the five kinds of celestial beings,
along with their retinues, all
gathered before the Buddha. They wanted to ask the Tathagata
about the method of building stupas and the amount of
merit gained from building them. At
this time, among the assembly, Bodhisattva
Avalokiteshvara, knowing the intention of the celestial beings, rose from his
seat, spread his right shoulder, knelt with his right knee
touching the ground, and
addressed the Buddha, saying, "Venerable Lord, now the celestial
beings and the celestial queens have come
here, wishing to ask the Tathagata to explain the
method of building stupas and the amount of merit gained from
building them. Please, Venerable Lord,
explain it clearly for them so that countless
beings may benefit." The Venerable Lord said to Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, "
Good man, if the celestial beings of this
present time and all the beings
of future times find a place where there is no
stupa, then a stupa can be built there. The
height of the stupa shall exceed three realms, down
to the smallest level, reaching the
height of the Na-dinh-giap-tower."  From the realm of the ordinary and immortals down
to the smallest, like a golden hook
covering the entire great heaven, down to the
smallest, like a small tree within the pagoda, the
relics of the Tathagata, the smallest like a tooth, a mulberry, a fingernail,
one-inch, or even the smallest, the twelve
sets of sutras belonging to the Dharma Treasury of the Tathagata, down
to at least a four-line verse, the
merit of the creator is equal
to the merit of the creator of Brahma Heaven.
After the life of sentient beings ascends to the Brahma realm and their lifespan ends, they are
born into the five realms of the five senses, and are
no different from the deities in that realm.
Good man, the matter I have just spoken of
is the cause and effect regarding the merit
of the creation. You and the deities
should cultivate and study. Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara then respectfully said, "Venerable One,
as the Tathagata has taught about the relics and the Dharma, I have received and upheld them.
But I do not understand the meaning of the
four verses of the Tathagata. If you please explain it clearly to me, Venerable One, the World Honored One said the verse on cause and effect gives rise to the Dharma. I said it is cause and effect, but when cause and effect end, it ceases. I have said it like this, Good man, the meaning of the verse is
called... The World Honored One said, 'The Dharma is born from cause and effect.' I said it is cause and effect, but when cause and effect end, it ceases. I have said it like this, Good man,
the meaning of the verse is called...  That is the
Dharma Body of the Buddha, he went up to inscribe the inscription
in that pagoda, why? Because the Teacher is the cause and effect,
and that very place gave birth to the Buddha, the nature of the Buddha is
calm and tranquil, therefore we say it is the New Dharma. If
any sentient being understands the meaning of
cause and effect like that, they should know that person
is seeing the Buddha. At that time, Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara, all the gods, the great assembly, and all who
hear the Buddha's teachings are very joyful, believe,
accept, and praise. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
[Music]
Let us sit in the
lotus or half-lotus position, we will purify our minds.
[Music]
For 10 minutes, let us
focus on the meaning of the sutra and
on the merit of building and protecting, on
our own Bodhi Mind, on
our own aspirations, for
our benefit, for the benefit of sentient beings in
today's meditation and sutra recitation.
After that, we will offer our prayers and conclude the
sutra. [
Music]
[Music]
Sa
An, go, go, go, go, Nga, V, C, Ch,
K
T
ch then
AB
ch
ah
[music]
à Dear assembly, let us all
kneel together to return to the merits of the
Buddha
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Now let us go up to share with
each other, and in conclusion,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully bow to the Buddhas, thanks to the
enlightenment from the
Buddhas, thanks to the merits of the Buddhas in three
countless eons, we have
moments of happiness like today.
Today we are able to practice
meditation and chanting of scriptures with
mindfulness.
All the merits that we have created,
as well as the blessings that
we are currently enjoying, the
joy, tranquility, and coolness in
our hearts, all come from the Buddhas, from the merits
of the
Buddha's paramitas, from the Buddha's compassion,
and from the Bodhi vow
of our teacher, Venerable Thich
Chuc Thai
Minh. We are extremely happy.
We express our gratitude to the Buddhas, the
Dharma, and the Sangha
from this moment.  We
also pray for this happiness, that the Six Dharmas may endure
in the world for a long time, so that many,
many sentient beings may be as happy
as we are.
We pray
that the stupa at Bodhi Mountain,
this golden temple, will soon have the necessary conditions to begin
construction and be completed, a place of
connection for sentient beings, a place for sentient beings to
enter the stream of Buddhist Dharma, so that sentient beings may
be liberated from Mara. We pray that the
Buddhas will bear witness to
this Bodhi vow of ours, and
we also pray to dedicate the merit to
all Buddhists who participate,
whether
at this Dharma assembly or online, so that they may all achieve merit and blessings, so that the
present karmic
obstacles and evil deeds may be eliminated, their good
wishes may be fulfilled, and they may always
strive for Bodhi. We also
dedicate this merit to praying
for peace in the country, for the preservation of the
borders, and for generations of people to
have a spirit of
mutual love, protecting the homeland, protecting
peace, and for the
development of Buddhism.  We respectfully request that all
beings rely on the Three Jewels, seek to learn
Buddhist
teachings, and cultivate virtue to live with love and
share with others. We
also dedicate this merit to all
celestial beings, gods,
and all beings in the
spiritual realm, so that they may rely on
this merit and develop the karmic connections to rely on the
Buddha's teachings,
practice, and quickly escape suffering.
We also respectfully request that all teachers,
celestial beings, gods, and all beings
in the spiritual realm interact and create
the conditions for the construction of the stupa to
be completed, fulfilling our wishes. We
dedicate this merit to the people and the country, so that they may always
be peaceful and safe. May this merit,
along with our practice of the Six Harmonies,
lead us to Supreme Enlightenment. We pray that the
Three Jewels bear witness to our
dedication. We also
pray that our teacher, the Venerable
Master, be blessed with good
health and continue to transmit the
Buddha's teachings to us and to the
multitude of beings, so that they may practice according to the
Buddha's teachings and attain
liberation. We respectfully dedicate this merit to all
beings throughout the Dharma realm, so that they may all be at peace.  All virtuous beings
practice according to the Buddha's teachings. Namo,
witnessing Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva. Namo, ever-
protecting Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva.
[Laughter]
[Music]
[Applause]
Bodhisattva, practicing with the merits of the scriptures, I dedicate
all that merit to all beings in the
Dharma realm, wishing them to
attain the state of non-birth. May all beings be
purified of afflictions, may they attain
truly bright wisdom, may all dark
obstacles be eliminated, may all beings be enlightened, may the Bodhisattva
path be strengthened. May I dedicate this merit of practice to
all beings in the Dharma realm, may all
teachers and all beings attain enlightenment, may I take refuge in the Buddha, may all beings be enlightened, may all beings develop the pure mind,
[Music]
[Applause]
may all beings deeply
penetrate the scriptures and attain wisdom like
[Music] the
monastery,
may all beings manage the
great multitude, may all teachers not be
harmonized, may
all beings be enlightened, may all disciples and all
beings attain Buddhahood.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Respectfully, to all esteemed practitioners.  Those of you watching the
online program, as well as the esteemed
Dharma Friends present here, send your prayers and offerings for the meditation practice
and mindfulness sutra
at our Bodhi Mountain. The event
has concluded, and now
[music] the
organizers will end
this livestream and create another one. Many
vendors will share with you
a little about this sutra, the sutra
we just continued, the sutra of
creating merit. If
any of you are busy with work,
we will listen again later. May we all rejoice in the
merit of the practice of
all the great assembly, and may we all be
connected and share the Bodhi practice together for generations to come
until the day we
achieve Supreme Enlightenment. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.